[all hosts] Include scenarios in beginner's guide (#4680)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/learning-path-beginner.md

  - [Project quick start](../quickstarts/project-quickstart.md)
  - [Word tutorial](../tutorials/word-tutorial.md)

- Scenarios and other code samples:

  - [Outlook: Report spam or phishing emails](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/tree/main/Samples/outlook-spam-reporting)

>   - [Outlook: Use SSO with event-based activation](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/tree/main/Samples/auth/Outlook-Add-in-SSO-events)

Reviewer: Since we're working on the NAA sample for event-based add-ins, maybe we could future proof this slightly by adding an Excel sample instead?
```suggestion
  - [Excel: Create a spreadsheet from your web page and embed your add-in](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/tree/main/Samples/excel-create-worksheet-from-web-site)
```
